README.md, before:

# Cosmian Java Lib

![workflow](https://github.com/Cosmian/cosmian_java_lib/actions/workflows/maven.yml/badge.svg)

The library provides a Java friendly API to the [Cosmian Ubiquitous Encryption platform](https://cosmian.com),
the CloudProof product in particular.


## Getting started


Please [check the online documentation](https://docs.cosmian.com/cloudproof_encryption/use_cases_benefits/) for details
on using the CloudProof APIs


In addition, please have a look at the following tests for implementation examples:

 - [TestCoverCrypt](./src/test/java/com/cosmian/TestCoverCrypt.java) for using the CoverCrypt scheme with Cosmian KMS
 - [TestFfiCoverCrypt](./src/test/java/com/cosmian/TestFfiCoverCrypt.java) for using the CoverCrypt scheme with the local native library
 - [TestGpsw](./src/test/java/com/cosmian/TestAbe.java) for using the ABE GPSW scheme with Cosmian KMS
 - [TestFfiGpsw](./src/test/java/com/cosmian/TestFfiAbe.java) for using the ABE GPSW scheme with the local native library
 - [TestKmip](./src/test/java/com/cosmian/TestKmip.java) for using the KMIP 2.1 interface with the Cosmian KMS
 - [TestFfiFindex](./src/test/java/com/cosmian/TestFfiAbe.java) for using the SSE Findex scheme with the local native library


## Using in Java projects

This library free software and is available on Maven Central

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.cosmian</groupId>
    <artifactId>cosmian_java_lib</artifactId>
    <version>0.11.0</version>
</dependency>
```

## Versions Correspondence

When using local encryption and decryption with [GPSW](https://github.com/Cosmian/abe_gpsw) and [CoverCrypt](https://github.com/Cosmian/cover_crypt), native librairies are required.

Check the main pages of the respective projects to build the native librairies appropriate for your systems. The [test directory](./src/test/resources/linux-x86-64/) provides pre-built libraries for Linux GLIBC 2.17. These librairies should run fine on a system with a more recent GLIBC version.

This table shows the minimum versions correspondences between the various components

KMS Server | Java Lib  | GPSW lib  | CoverCrypt lib | Findex
-----------|-----------|-----------|----------------|-------
1.2.0      | 0.5.0     | 0.3.0     | N/A            | N/A
1.2.1      | 0.5.2     | 0.4.0     | N/A            | N/A
1.2.1      | ~~0.6.0~~ | ~~0.6.0~~ | N/A            | N/A
1.2.1      | 0.6.1     | 0.6.1     | N/A            | N/A
2.0.1      | 0.7.2     | 0.6.5     | 1.0.2          | N/A
2.0.2      | 0.7.5     | 0.6.10    | 2.0.0          | N/A
2.1.0      | 0.7.7     | 1.1.1     | 4.0.0          | 0.2.3
2.2.0      | 0.8.0     | 2.0.1     | 6.0.1          | 0.4.1
2.2.0      | 0.9.0     | 2.0.1     | 6.0.1          | 0.5.0
2.2.0      | 0.10.1    | 2.0.1     | 6.0.1          | 0.6.1
2.2.0      | 0.11.0    | 2.0.1     | 6.0.1          | 0.7.0

## Update native libraries

The Cosmian Java lib uses JNA to access functions of the 2 native shared libraries `CoverCrypt` and `ABE GPSW`.

On Linux, those 2 libraries must be found in 1 of these folders:
- src/resources/linux-x86-64
- src/test/resources/linux-x86-64

To update those native libraries, the script `src/test/resources/linux-x86-64/update_native_libraries.sh`

Commit message:

Rename `cosmian_java_lib` to `cloudproof-java`

README.md, after:

# Cloudproof Java Library

![workflow](https://github.com/Cosmian/cloudproof-java/actions/workflows/maven.yml/badge.svg)

The Cloudproof Java library provides a Java friendly API to the [Cosmian Cloudproof Encryption product](https://docs.cosmian.com/cloudproof_encryption/use_cases_benefits/).

In summary, Cloudproof Encryption product secures data repositories in the cloud with attributes-based access control encryption and encrypted search.

## Getting started


Please [check the online documentation](https://docs.cosmian.com/cloudproof_encryption/use_cases_benefits/) for details on using the CloudProof APIs


In addition, please have a look at the following tests for implementation examples:

 - [TestCoverCrypt](./src/test/java/com/cosmian/TestCoverCrypt.java) for using the CoverCrypt scheme with Cosmian KMS
 - [TestFfiCoverCrypt](./src/test/java/com/cosmian/TestFfiCoverCrypt.java) for using the CoverCrypt scheme with the local native library
 - [TestGpsw](./src/test/java/com/cosmian/TestAbe.java) for using the ABE GPSW scheme with Cosmian KMS
 - [TestFfiGpsw](./src/test/java/com/cosmian/TestFfiAbe.java) for using the ABE GPSW scheme with the local native library
 - [TestKmip](./src/test/java/com/cosmian/TestKmip.java) for using the KMIP 2.1 interface with the Cosmian KMS
 - [TestFfiFindex](./src/test/java/com/cosmian/TestFfiFindex.java) for using the SSE Findex scheme with the local native library


## Using in Java projects

This library free software and is available on Maven Central

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.cosmian</groupId>
    <artifactId>cloudproof-java</artifactId>
    <version>0.11.1</version>
</dependency>
```

## Versions Correspondence

When using local encryption and decryption with [GPSW](https://github.com/Cosmian/abe_gpsw) and [CoverCrypt](https://github.com/Cosmian/cover_crypt), native librairies are required.

Check the main pages of the respective projects to build the native librairies appropriate for your systems. The [test directory](./src/test/resources/linux-x86-64/) provides pre-built libraries for Linux GLIBC 2.17. These librairies should run fine on a system with a more recent GLIBC version.

This table shows the minimum versions correspondences between the various components

KMS Server | Java Lib  | GPSW lib  | CoverCrypt lib | Findex
-----------|-----------|-----------|----------------|-------
1.2.0      | 0.5.0     | 0.3.0     | N/A            | N/A
1.2.1      | 0.5.2     | 0.4.0     | N/A            | N/A
1.2.1      | ~~0.6.0~~ | ~~0.6.0~~ | N/A            | N/A
1.2.1      | 0.6.1     | 0.6.1     | N/A            | N/A
2.0.1      | 0.7.2     | 0.6.5     | 1.0.2          | N/A
2.0.2      | 0.7.5     | 0.6.10    | 2.0.0          | N/A
2.1.0      | 0.7.7     | 1.1.1     | 4.0.0          | 0.2.3
2.2.0      | 0.8.0     | 2.0.1     | 6.0.1          | 0.4.1
2.2.0      | 0.9.0     | 2.0.1     | 6.0.1          | 0.5.0
2.2.0      | 0.10.1    | 2.0.1     | 6.0.1          | 0.6.1
2.2.0      | 0.11.0    | 2.0.1     | 6.0.1          | 0.7.0

## Update native libraries

The Cloudproof Java lib uses JNA to access functions of 3 native shared libraries:
- `CoverCrypt`
- `ABE GPSW`
- `Findex`


On Linux, those libraries must be found in 1 of these folders:
- src/resources/linux-x86-64
- src/test/resources/linux-x86-64

To update those native libraries, the script `src/test/resources/linux-x86-64/update_native_libraries.sh`
